# The Index Page (worked on by jcvivar@ucsc, aka Justin Vivar)
Users must be logged in to utilize the Index Page. Users can use the hand tool on top of the map to drag along the page or the rectangle drawing tool to select a region, after which the 'Statistics on Region' button will be usable and redirect to the location page. There are user-input forms for duration, time, and date, which when combined with clicking on a spot on the map without a tool selected (user may have to click outside of the map and then back in), will set a latitude and longitude that allows the 'Enter Checklist' button to lead to the checklist page. The 'see user stats' button leads to the user statistics page and works all the time just as long as the user is logged in. The user can select which species they want displayed on the heatmap of sightings by clicking the dropdown with 'All Species' and choosing a species from the list.

# The Checklist Page (worked on by rmudalia@ucsc.edu, aka Reshma Mudaliar)
Users can input Bird Name and Bird Count, and click on the '+' button to add that as a sighting. Users can then increment the count and also delete the sighting entirely if they wish. Users can also search for a bird that they had previously added through the search bar. After clicking Submit, users are taken to the View Checklists page that displays all of the checklists the user has created. When a checklist is clicked for viewing, users are able to again add, increment count, search, and delete sightings. Users are also free to delete their checklists.

# Location Page (worked on by phbari@ucsc.edu, aka Payne)
The location page will be accessed upon selecting an area on the map in the index, and then clicking the 'Statistics on Region' button. Within this page, there is a central bar containing the number of total checklists & sightings, along with the top 3 contributors to the region. On the left is a list of all species that were sighted in that region. When a species is clicked, the number of sightings over time are shown in the graph on the right. The graph's scale may change depending on the quantity of species in the given time period, which will be reflected on the axes. The graph can be hovered and the exact amount of birds sighted on the given day will be shown. On the heading, next to the 'Region Information' title, is a home button, which will redirect the user back to the index page.

# User Stats Page (worked on by atzintzu@ucsc.edu)
The user can visit this page in order to view their own statistics related to sightings they have personally experienced.